= redmine_contacts_helpdesk_gpg

== Requirements

* Redmine 2.6+
* CRM plugin from RedmineUP (Version 4.x or higher)
* Helpdesk plugin from RedmineUP(Version 4.x or higher)

This plugin does not provide (licensed) copies of RedmineUP's plugins. Please get your own. :)
If you still want to use older versions of the Helpdesk plugin (when it still was called "RedmineCRM Helpdesk plugin") then have a look at version 0.0.7 of this plugin.

== Installation

=== Prepare OS

Install these packages

* gnupg (Make sure it's version of gpg is at least 2.1)
* libgpgme-dev (It's the package providing executable 'gpgme-config'. Name may vary depending on OS.)

=== Install required GEMs

  gem install gpgme -- --use-system-libraries
  gem install mail-gpg

Please install gpgme with '--use-system-libraries' because otherwise gpgme would compile its own versions of gpg libraries. 

Further development of this plugin expects gpgsm to be available and I hate mixing libraries from different sources.

=== Install this plugin

Unarchive plugin to redmine/plugins

  rake redmine:plugins RAILS_ENV=production


== Uninstallation

  rake redmine:plugins NAME=redmine_contacts_helpdesk_gpg VERSION=0 RAILS_ENV=production 
  rm -rf plugins/redmine_contacts_helpdesk_gpg


== Setup

=== Params

* Directory containing key rings - Default is determined by environment GNUPGHOME or fallback "~/.gnupg"
* URL of public key server - Only "http://pool.sks-keyservers.net:11371" has been tested yet. Other keyservers might work...

=== Add cron jobs for keystore maintenance 

Paths in the following examples should be set according to your environment.

Cron jobs should be run as the same user running redmine (e.g. www-data)

  # refresh keys from keyserver on the first day of the month
  00 00 01 * * cd /var/opt/redmine && /usr/local/bin/rake RAILS_ENV=production redmine:plugins:helpdesk_gpg:refresh_keys
  # delete expired keys from keystore on the 15th
  00 00 15 * * cd /var/opt/redmine && /usr/local/bin/rake RAILS_ENV=production redmine:plugins:helpdesk_gpg:remove_expired_keys

== Usage

In Administration use GPG Key management 

* All keys are listed
* Filter keys
* Import new keys from file
* Remove single key
* Remove all expired keys
* Refresh keys from keyserver

In project configuration / settings / Mail Server settings a GPG key can be selected

== Credits

=== Icons
* Icons are taken from "FatCow-Farm Fresh Icons" (http://www.fatcow.com/free-icons) by FatCow Web Hosting (http://www.fatcow.com) and are licensed under CC BY US 3.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us/)
* Or were inspired by above icons

== License

This redmine plugin is released under the MIT license.
